a lot of customers have also asked this
question is that we do not understand
completely water travel insurance
product is you know some people believe
it's medical insurance the others
believe it's just a baggage insurance
cover
so will you the first time demystify the
scope of water travel insurance really
is for our viewers let me know make
things simple and like you know what in
Jerusalem for that you know you make
things complicated so if you know you
know you know you know so those are the
things that can happen to you and the
last thing but not the least thing is
you know your health can also become in
a little bit that can also be a twist so
if you can fall sick you can meet an
accident there so these are the two kind
of fists which can happen when you are
traveling abroad you know to our travel
insurance policy covers both this risk
so it covers your your trip delay your
it covers your baggage loss baggage
delay it even covers your hand baggage
loss some of the companies to cover that
it covers your passport loss you know so
in case whatever you know monetary loss
it also the words you know anybody can
manage I talked it will you know help
you at that point of time and also you
know if you fall say for a few million
with an accident whatever in the amount
that you spend you can you know get
through cashless or through in
reimbursement so it comprehensively
cover all the rest which one can think
of and so I think one of the questions
that the viewers had asked very often is
about that you know we understand
baggage loss
our passport was discovered but how is
health covered because when you sleep
the hospitalization is it you know if
somebody falls sick and you get
hospitalized
is it only Kestrel accident because
these are two different kind of covers
so you what you're saying is that a
travel insurance covers both loss of
baggage or delays or any such impact
that you could have in the trip and also
covers the health of the individual
right so who do you want to share a
little more about how the health care
part is covered and what is covered in
that so that's the important use of the
first peoples believe that you know so
if you look at within India health
insurance when you buy it covers only
the inpatient hospitalizations so
basically once you get admitted for more
than 24 hours then only health insurance
policy will kick in so the time it
happens all right but when you travel
abroad insurance cover not only when you
get hospitalized they also cover the OPD
treatments you can go visit a you know
doctor and you know for your fever or
any cuff fold that part will also get
covered it will needless to say it will
also cover you know if you make an
accident you know any any it will also
be covered you also it comprehensively
covered anything and everything which
you expend to take care of your health
there that's a lot of Congress right so
it basically gives an assurance to the
customer that anything that happens to
him or his family personally in terms of
health or anything that happens to him
in terms of these factors which would be
about baggage or you know delays etc is
all comprehensively covered that's one
of all that will be very insightful to
our customers are there